*Show examples of other websites we have recently done


Website Info
--
Do you need to purchase a domain?
	Yes (whois gem)
	No (is this a redesign of your current website? list website)

Please choose a layout for your website below
	Show a bunch of templates with links and checkboxes?
	Or would you like a custom designed website?
		Please explain your custom design and provide links.

How many pages do you need?
	Let them add custom list items and enter title.CHarge for each page. Do you have written information for this page (checkbox) If true show description textera WYSIWYG editor. If false then add an additional charge.  

Will you be providing images?
	Yes
		(upload images and show thumbnails on page. Require dimensions.)
		Or I will provide images on a disk.
	No
		Are you interested in having a photo shoot?
			Yes (someone will contact you about this separately)
			No
				Do your images need to be copywright protected?
					Yes(what is your budget to purchase images?)
					No

Do you have a logo?
	Yes (upload logo filetype must be .ai .eps. .psd etc...)
	No
		Are you interested in having a logo designed for you?
			Yes (someone will contact you about this separately)
			No (note we will either put text in the place of your logo or you must send us this separately)

Will you (or someone) be updating the website yourself? (Will you need a username and login for the website?)
	Yes
		I will be updating information on a page.
		I will be adding new content to the website.
			-News
			-Promotions
			-Other?

			Everytime I add new content I want



----------------Page 2 SEO

Do you want to pay extra to have your website enhanced to be found in google?
	(Explain info here) multiply by number of pages



Do you want to have analytics tracking installed on your website?

Are you interested in PPC Advertising?

Other page?

---------------------Page 3 Social Networking
Social Network Pages
	Facebook Page, Twitter Page, Google Places Page, Linked In Page, Other?
	Hours of Operation




----------------Page 4 Email Marketing




----------------Page 5 Mobile Development

Responsive
Separate Mobile Website?

----------------Page 6 Development

Timeframe

Do you need the website to be hidden while we are developing it?

Domain Provider
	Username
	Password
	

----------------(If Save or Submit) Your Info


Your Info
--
First Name
Last Name
Company
Email
Phone
Address
Website


